usr/bin/T-fetch                                                                  T-fetch
usr/bin/t-fetch                                                                  T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/HEAD                                                      T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/config                                                    T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/description                                               T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample                               T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample                                   T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample                           T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/post-update.sample                                  T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample                               T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample                                   T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-merge-commit.sample                             T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-push.sample                                     T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample                                   T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/pre-receive.sample                                  T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample                           T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/push-to-checkout.sample                             T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/hooks/update.sample                                       T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/index                                                     T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/info/exclude                                              T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/logs/HEAD                                                 T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/logs/refs/heads/main                                      T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD                             T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/objects/pack/pack-7c955003c435f548348dba35af3c0da07f2ef866.idx T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/objects/pack/pack-7c955003c435f548348dba35af3c0da07f2ef866.pack T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/packed-refs                                               T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/refs/heads/main                                           T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/.git/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD                                  T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/LICENSE                                                        T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/README.org                                                     T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/T-fetch                                                        T-fetch
usr/share/T-fetch/install.sh                                                     T-fetch
